charts/latest/README.md, before:

# local-csi-driver Helm Chart

## Prerequisites

- [Install Helm](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/quickstart/#install-helm)

## Install

Find the latest release by navigating to
<https://github.com/Azure/local-csi-driver/releases/latest>.

Substitute the release name (without the 'v' prefix) in the Helm install command
below:

```console
helm install local-csi-driver oci://localcsidriver.azurecr.io/acstor/charts/local-csi-driver --version <release> --namespace kube-system
```

## Uninstall

```console
helm uninstall local-csi-driver --namespace kube-system
```

## Configuration

This table list the configurable parameters of the latest Local CSI Driver chart
and their default values.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
| Parameter                                     | Description                                                                        | Default                                                                                                                  |
| --------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `name`                                        | Name used for creating resource.                                                   | `csi-local`                                                                                                              |
| `image.baseRepo`                              | Base repository of container images.                                               | `mcr.microsoft.com`                                                                                                      |
| `image.driver.repository`                     | local-csi-driver container image.                                                  | `/acstor/local-csi-driver`                                                                                               |
| `image.driver.tag`                            | local-csi-driver container image tag. Uses chart version when unset (recommended). |                                                                                                                          |
| `image.driver.pullPolicy`                     | local-csi-driver image pull policy.                                                | `IfNotPresent`                                                                                                           |
| `image.csiProvisioner.repository`             | csi-provisioner container image.                                                   | `/oss/kubernetes-csi/csi-provisioner`                                                                                    |
| `image.csiProvisioner.tag`                    | csi-provisioner container image tag.                                               | `v5.2.0`                                                                                                                 |
| `image.csiProvisioner.pullPolicy`             | csi-provisioner image pull policy.                                                 | `IfNotPresent`                                                                                                           |
| `image.csiResizer.repository`                 | csi-resizer container image.                                                       | `/oss/kubernetes-csi/csi-resizer`                                                                                        |
| `image.csiResizer.tag`                        | csi-resizer container image tag.                                                   | `v1.13.2`                                                                                                                |
| `image.csiResizer.pullPolicy`                 | csi-resizer image pull policy.                                                     | `IfNotPresent`                                                                                                           |
| `image.nodeDriverRegistrar.repository`        | csi-node-driver-registrar container image.                                         | `/oss/kubernetes-csi/csi-node-driver-registrar`                                                                          |
| `image.nodeDriverRegistrar.tag`               | csi-node-driver-registrar container image tag.                                     | `v2.13.0`                                                                                                                |
| `image.nodeDriverRegistrar.pullPolicy`        | csi-node-driver-registrar image pull policy.                                       | `IfNotPresent`                                                                                                           |
| `daemonset.nodeSelector`                      | Node selector for the DaemonSet. If empty, all nodes are selected.                 |                                                                                                                          |
| `daemonset.tolerations`                       | Tolerations for the DaemonSet. If empty, no tolerations are applied.               | <code>- effect: NoSchedule<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;operator: Exists<br>- effect: NoExecute<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;operator: Exists</code> |
| `daemonset.serviceAccount.annotations`        | Annotations for the service account. If empty, no annotations are applied.         |                                                                                                                          |
| `webhook.ephemeral.enabled`                   | Enables the ephemeral PVC validation webhook.                                      | `true`                                                                                                                   |
| `webhook.hyperconverged.enabled`              | Enables the hyperconverged webhook.                                                | `true`                                                                                                                   |
| `webhook.service.port`                        | The webhook service's port.                                                        | `443`                                                                                                                    |
| `webhook.service.targetPort`                  | The target port for the webhook service.                                           | `9443`                                                                                                                   |
| `webhook.service.type`                        | The type of the webhook service. Can be ClusterIP, NodePort, or LoadBalancer.      | `ClusterIP`                                                                                                              |
| `resources.driver`                            | local-csi-driver resource configuration.                                           | <code>limits:<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;memory: 600Mi<br>requests:<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;cpu: 10m<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;memory: 60Mi</code>       |
| `resources.csiProvisioner`                    | csi-provisioner resource configuration.                                            | <code>limits:<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;memory: 100Mi<br>requests:<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;cpu: 10m<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;memory: 20Mi</code>       |
| `resources.csiResizer`                        | csi-resizer resource configuration.                                                | <code>limits:<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;memory: 500Mi<br>requests:<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;cpu: 10m<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;memory: 20Mi</code>       |
| `resources.nodeDriverRegistrar`               | csi-node-driver-registrar resource configuration.                                  | <code>limits:<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;memory: 100Mi<br>requests:<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;cpu: 10m<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;memory: 20Mi</code>       |
| `observability.metrics.enabled`               | Toggles metrics rbac rule creation. May be expanded in the future.                 | `true`                                                                                                                   |
| `observability.driver.log.level`              | local-csi-driver log level.                                                        | `2`                                                                                                                      |
| `observability.driver.metrics.port`           | local-csi-driver metrics port.                                                     | `8080`                                                                                                                   |
| `observability.driver.health.port`            | local-csi-driver health port.                                                      | `8081`                                                                                                                   |
| `observability.driver.trace.endpoint`         | The address to send traces to. Disables tracing if not set.                        |                                                                                                                          |
| `observability.driver.trace.sampleRate`       | Sample rate per million. 0 to disable tracing, 1000000 to trace everything.        | `1000000`                                                                                                                |
| `observability.csiProvisioner.log.level`      | csi-provisioner log level.                                                         | `2`                                                                                                                      |
| `observability.csiProvisioner.http.port`      | csi-provisioner health and metrics port.                                           | `8090`                                                                                                                   |
| `observability.csiResizer.log.level`          | csi-resizer log level.                                                             | `2`                                                                                                                      |
| `observability.csiResizer.http.port`          | csi-resizer health and metrics port.                                               | `8091`                                                                                                                   |
| `observability.nodeDriverRegistrar.log.level` | csi-node-driver-registrar log level.                                               | `2`                                                                                                                      |
| `observability.nodeDriverRegistrar.http.port` | csi-node-driver-registrar health and metrics port.                                 | `8092`                                                                                                                   |
<!-- markdownlint-enable MD033 -->

## Troubleshooting

See [Troubleshooting](https://github.com/Azure/local-csi-driver/blob/main/docs/troubleshooting.md).

Commit message:

chore: helm chart should create storage class

charts/latest/README.md, after:

# local-csi-driver Helm Chart

## Prerequisites

- [Install Helm](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/quickstart/#install-helm)

## Install

Find the latest release by navigating to
<https://github.com/Azure/local-csi-driver/releases/latest>.

Substitute the release name (without the 'v' prefix) in the Helm install command
below:

```console
helm install local-csi-driver oci://localcsidriver.azurecr.io/acstor/charts/local-csi-driver --version <release> --namespace kube-system
```

## Uninstall

```console
helm uninstall local-csi-driver --namespace kube-system
```

## Configuration

This table lists the configurable parameters of the latest Local CSI Driver
chart and their default values.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
| Parameter                                     | Description                                                                        | Default                                                                                                                  |
| --------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `name`                                        | Name used for creating resource.                                                   | `csi-local`                                                                                                              |
| `image.baseRepo`                              | Base repository of container images.                                               | `mcr.microsoft.com`                                                                                                      |
| `image.driver.repository`                     | local-csi-driver container image.                                                  | `/acstor/local-csi-driver`                                                                                               |
| `image.driver.tag`                            | local-csi-driver container image tag. Uses chart version when unset (recommended). |                                                                                                                          |
| `image.driver.pullPolicy`                     | local-csi-driver image pull policy.                                                | `IfNotPresent`                                                                                                           |
| `image.csiProvisioner.repository`             | csi-provisioner container image.                                                   | `/oss/v2/kubernetes-csi/csi-provisioner`                                                                                 |
| `image.csiProvisioner.tag`                    | csi-provisioner container image tag.                                               | `v5.2.0`                                                                                                                 |
| `image.csiProvisioner.pullPolicy`             | csi-provisioner image pull policy.                                                 | `IfNotPresent`                                                                                                           |
| `image.csiResizer.repository`                 | csi-resizer container image.                                                       | `/oss/v2/kubernetes-csi/csi-resizer`                                                                                     |
| `image.csiResizer.tag`                        | csi-resizer container image tag.                                                   | `v1.13.2`                                                                                                                |
| `image.csiResizer.pullPolicy`                 | csi-resizer image pull policy.                                                     | `IfNotPresent`                                                                                                           |
| `image.nodeDriverRegistrar.repository`        | csi-node-driver-registrar container image.                                         | `/oss/v2/kubernetes-csi/csi-node-driver-registrar`                                                                       |
| `image.nodeDriverRegistrar.tag`               | csi-node-driver-registrar container image tag.                                     | `v2.13.0`                                                                                                                |
| `image.nodeDriverRegistrar.pullPolicy`        | csi-node-driver-registrar image pull policy.                                       | `IfNotPresent`                                                                                                           |
| `storageClass.enabled`                        | Indicates whether the storage class should be created by Helm.                     | `true`                                                                                                                   |
| `storageClass.name`                           | The name of the storage class.                                                     | `local`                                                                                                                  |
| `storageClass.reclaimPolicy`                  | The reclaim policy for the storage class. Can be either Delete or Retain.          | `Delete`                                                                                                                 |
| `storageClass.volumeBindingMode`              | The volume binding mode for the storage class.                                     | `WaitForFirstConsumer`                                                                                                   |
| `storageClass.allowVolumeExpansion`           | The allowVolumeExpansion flag for the storage class.                               | `true`                                                                                                                   |
| `daemonset.nodeSelector`                      | Node selector for the DaemonSet. If empty, all nodes are selected.                 |                                                                                                                          |
| `daemonset.tolerations`                       | Tolerations for the DaemonSet. If empty, no tolerations are applied.               | <code>- effect: NoSchedule<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;operator: Exists<br>- effect: NoExecute<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;operator: Exists</code> |
| `daemonset.serviceAccount.annotations`        | Annotations for the service account. If empty, no annotations are applied.         |                                                                                                                          |
| `webhook.ephemeral.enabled`                   | Enables the ephemeral PVC validation webhook.                                      | `true`                                                                                                                   |
| `webhook.hyperconverged.enabled`              | Enables the hyperconverged webhook.                                                | `true`                                                                                                                   |
| `webhook.service.port`                        | The webhook service's port.                                                        | `443`                                                                                                                    |
| `webhook.service.targetPort`                  | The target port for the webhook service.                                           | `9443`                                                                                                                   |
| `webhook.service.type`                        | The type of the webhook service. Can be ClusterIP, NodePort, or LoadBalancer.      | `ClusterIP`                                                                                                              |
| `resources.driver`                            | local-csi-driver resource configuration.                                           | <code>limits:<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;memory: 600Mi<br>requests:<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;cpu: 10m<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;memory: 60Mi</code>       |
| `resources.csiProvisioner`                    | csi-provisioner resource configuration.                                            | <code>limits:<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;memory: 100Mi<br>requests:<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;cpu: 10m<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;memory: 20Mi</code>       |
| `resources.csiResizer`                        | csi-resizer resource configuration.                                                | <code>limits:<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;memory: 500Mi<br>requests:<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;cpu: 10m<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;memory: 20Mi</code>       |
| `resources.nodeDriverRegistrar`               | csi-node-driver-registrar resource configuration.                                  | <code>limits:<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;memory: 100Mi<br>requests:<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;cpu: 10m<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;memory: 20Mi</code>       |
| `observability.metrics.enabled`               | Toggles metrics rbac rule creation. May be expanded in the future.                 | `true`                                                                                                                   |
| `observability.driver.log.level`              | local-csi-driver log level.                                                        | `2`                                                                                                                      |
| `observability.driver.metrics.port`           | local-csi-driver metrics port.                                                     | `8080`                                                                                                                   |
| `observability.driver.health.port`            | local-csi-driver health port.                                                      | `8081`                                                                                                                   |
| `observability.driver.trace.endpoint`         | The address to send traces to. Disables tracing if not set.                        |                                                                                                                          |
| `observability.driver.trace.sampleRate`       | Sample rate per million. 0 to disable tracing, 1000000 to trace everything.        | `1000000`                                                                                                                |
| `observability.csiProvisioner.log.level`      | csi-provisioner log level.                                                         | `2`                                                                                                                      |
| `observability.csiProvisioner.http.port`      | csi-provisioner health and metrics port.                                           | `8090`                                                                                                                   |
| `observability.csiResizer.log.level`          | csi-resizer log level.                                                             | `2`                                                                                                                      |
| `observability.csiResizer.http.port`          | csi-resizer health and metrics port.                                               | `8091`                                                                                                                   |
| `observability.nodeDriverRegistrar.log.level` | csi-node-driver-registrar log level.                                               | `2`                                                                                                                      |
| `observability.nodeDriverRegistrar.http.port` | csi-node-driver-registrar health and metrics port.                                 | `8092`                                                                                                                   |
<!-- markdownlint-enable MD033 -->

## Troubleshooting

See [Troubleshooting](https://github.com/Azure/local-csi-driver/blob/main/docs/troubleshooting.md).
